Doc/Template#20 - Implement the default template (#525)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/cli/create.md

customize your application.
```console
$ taipy create
Application root folder name [taipy_application]: new_application
Application main Python file [main.py]: app.py
Application title [Default title]: App Title

> How many pages and the name of the pages? [1]: 3 slide_1 slide_2 slide_3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How many pages, and the name of the pages? [1]: 3 slide_1 slide_2 slide_3
```

Does the application use scenario management or version management? [No]: y
Does the application use Rest API? [No]:
$ cd ./new_application
$ python app.py
```

> In this example, we scaffold a new application using the default Taipy template, which let us create a simple
> minimalized Taipy application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we scaffold a new application using the default Taipy template, which lets us create a simple,
minimalized Taipy application.
```

!!! Info

>   In the prompt, we can see the question along with the default value in the square brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the prompt, we can see the question and the default value in the square brackets.
```

>   We can either provide an answer or just press enter to use the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We can provide an answer or press enter to use the default value.
```

> - In the first question, we define the application root folder as "new_application"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first question defines the application root folder as "new_application"
```

> - In the second and third questions, we set the main Python file of the application as "app.py" and the title of the web page as "App Title".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the second and third questions, we set the main Python file of the application as "app.py" and the web page's title as "App Title".
```

> - In the 4th question, we clarify that we want a Taipy multi-page GUI application, with the page names "slide_1", "slide_2", and "slide_3". Please note that if the names are not clarified, the default name will be "page_1", "page_2", and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the 4th question, we clarify that we want a Taipy multi-page GUI application with the page names "slide_1", "slide_2", and "slide_3". Please note that if the names are not clarified, the default name will be "page_1", "page_2", and so on.
```

- In the 5th question, we clarify that we want to use scenario management, so the application should include the Taipy Core service.
- In the 6th question, we choose the default answer is No, which means that we don't want to use Rest API, so the application should not include the Taipy Rest API service.

> Finally, we change the directory (`cd`) to our newly created folder and start the application by running `python app.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we changed the directory (`cd`) to our newly created folder and started the application by running `python app.py`.
```

## From a specific template

> You can also specify another template using the `--template` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify another template using the `--template` option.
```
